Issue 3880: fix mixin issues (#4757)
grafana/tempo: operations/tempo-mixin/runbook.md

## TempoCompactorUnhealthy

If this occurs access the [ring page](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/operations/consistent_hash_ring/) at `/compactor/ring`.
Use the "Forget" button to forget and remove any unhealthy compactors from the ring. An unhealthy compactor or two has no immediate impact. Long term,
however, it will cause the blocklist to grow unnecessarily long.

## TempoDistributorUnhealthy

If this occurs access the [ring page](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/operations/consistent_hash_ring/) at `/distributor/ring`.
Use the "Forget" button to forget and remove any unhealthy distributors from the ring. An unhealthy distributor or two has virtually no impact except to slightly
increase the amount of memberlist traffic propagated by the cluster.

## TempoIngesterUnhealthy

> This can happen when we have unhealthy ingesters sticking around in the ring.

Reviewer: We can add this to the others too

Author: \+

Fixed

Use the "Forget" button to drop any unhealthy distributors. An unhealthy distributor or two has virtually no impact except to slightly
increase the amount of memberlist traffic propagated by the cluster.

## TempoIngesterUnhealthy

> If this occurs access the [ring page](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/operations/consistent_hash_ring/) at `/ingester/ring`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can happen when we have unhealthy ingesters sticking around in the ring.

If this occurs, access the [ring page](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/operations/consistent_hash_ring/) at `/ingester/ring`.
```

> Use the "Forget" button to drop any unhealthy ingesters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the "Forget" button to forget and remove any unhealthy ingesters from the ring.
```

## TempoMetricsGeneratorUnhealthy

> If this occurs access the [ring page](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/operations/consistent_hash_ring/) at `/metrics-generator/ring`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can happen when we have unhealthy metrics-generators sticking around in the ring.

If this occurs, access the [ring page](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/operations/consistent_hash_ring/) at `/metrics-generator/ring`.
```

> Use the "Forget" button to drop any unhealthy metrics-generators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the "Forget" button to forget and remove any unhealthy metrics-generators from the ring.
```
